Update azure-virtual-desktop-multi-session.md (#2856)
MicrosoftDocs/memdocs: memdocs/intune/fundamentals/azure-virtual-desktop-multi-session.md

Microsoft Intune won't deliver unsupported templates to multi-session devices, and those policies appear as *Not applicable* in reports.

> > [!NOTE] If you use co-management for Intune and Configuration Manager, in Configuration Manager [set the workload slider](/configmgr/comanage/how-to-switch-workloads) for Resource Access Policies to **Intune** or **Pilot Intune**. This setting allows Windows 10/11 clients to start the process of requesting the certificate.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> [!NOTE]
> If you use comanagement for Intune and Configuration Manager, in Configuration Manager, [set the workload slider](/configmgr/comanage/how-to-switch-workloads) for Resource Access Policies to **Intune** or **Pilot Intune**. This setting allows Windows 10 and Windows 11 clients to start the process of requesting the certificate.
```
